[labs/forms] WIP: Initial implementation (#4773)
lit/lit: packages/labs/forms/README.md

}
```

`FormAssociated` doesn't add any public API to the element. It's behavior can be
controlled with a few decorators.

### `@formValue()`

The form value can be stored in any field, decorated with the `@formValue`
decorator.

```ts
  @formValue()
  accessor value = '';
```

By default, the field has to have the type of `string | File | FormData | null`.
If your element has a value of a different type, you can use a custom form value
converter:

```ts
  @formValue({
    converter: {
      toFormValue(value: number) {
        return String(value);
      },
      fromFormValue(value: string) {
        return Number(value);
      },
    },
  })
  accessor value = 23;
```

### `@formStateGetter()`, `@formStateSetter()`, and `@formState()`

Form state is an additional object that can be stored with a form that
represents state that is not neccessarily part of the value and submitted with
the form. If elements have additional state, they should pass it when setting
form values and they should be able to derive a value from state.

To enable this two decorators are provided to read and write form state:
`@formStateGetter()` and `@formStateSetter()`. They are applied to a getter and

> setter to mark them as beind use to readn adn write state. When present,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setter to mark them as being used to read and write state. When present,
```

I'm guessing this is what was meant
